docs(refactor): container registry - MTA-1659 (#293)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/container-registry/concepts.mdx

<Concept opened>

## Container image

> A container image is a file that includes all the requirements and instructions of a complete and executable version of an application. When running an image, it becomes one or multiple instances of that application. You can [pull the image](/compute/container-registry/how-to/pull-images/), [edit its settings](/compute/container-registry/how-to/manage-image-privacy-settings/), [view its versions](/compute/container-registry/how-to/display-image-versions/) or [delete it](/compute/container-registry/how-to/delete-image/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A container image is a file that includes all the requirements and instructions of a complete and executable version of an application. When running, it becomes one or multiple instances of that application. You can [pull the image](/compute/container-registry/how-to/pull-images/), [edit its settings](/compute/container-registry/how-to/manage-image-privacy-settings/), [view its versions](/compute/container-registry/how-to/display-image-versions/) or [delete it](/compute/container-registry/how-to/delete-image/).
```

<Concept opened>

## Image privacy policies

> Image privacy P^licies specify whether everyone has the right to pull that image or not. When an image is set to public, anyone is able to pull it. [Set your image to private](/compute/container-registry/how-to/manage-image-privacy-settings/) if you want to restrict access. You can also specify that an image should inherit its privacy policy from its namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Image privacy policies specify whether everyone has the right to pull the image or not. When an image is set to public, anyone is able to pull it. [Set your image to private](/compute/container-registry/how-to/manage-image-privacy-settings/) if you want to restrict access. You can also specify that an image should inherit its privacy policy from its namespace.
```
